No, I didn't.
Please believe me. You're still lying to me
You think I'm a fool
I must exceed
Wang Yuan is your stepmother
You've hated your dad since he died
So you used me for revenge?
Who gave you the courage?
Exactly.
I want to use you
Because Wang Yu always makes trouble for me.
I can't resist
I want to beg for your protection
The whole house.
Only you would stand up to protect me
It was the first time I felt protected.
If you think I lied to you
Then you will kill me.
I would rather die at your hands
I don't want to be given up by you either.
Ok don't cry
Tell me about it
Uncle don't
What if my aunt comes back?
Don't worry. He's out of town.
Come back tomorrow
I'd like to see Chen Lin, this little bitch hoof
How big of a splash can you make at your neighbor's house?